PORT-9644 - Fixes to guides (#1453)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides-and-tutorials/create-slack-channel-for-reported-incident.md

We also need to create the following secrets in our GitHub repository:
- `PORT_CLIENT_ID` - Your Port client ID.
- `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` - Your Port client secret.

> - `ORG_ADMIN_TOKEN` - Your personal access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ORG_ADMIN_TOKEN` - Your GitHub personal access token.
```

- `BOT_USER_OAUTH_TOKEN` - The Slack app bot token.

> If you've already completed the [scaffold a new service guide](/guides-and-tutorials/scaffold-a-new-service), you should already have these configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already completed the [scaffold a new service guide](/guides-and-tutorials/scaffold-a-new-service), you should already have the first three configured.
```
